VIOLET: [WHISPERING]
I had this image of you
inside of me,
like a part of me.
[ECHOING] Me.
CORKY: You planned
this whole thing.
We make our
own choices.
We pay our own prices.
Five years
is a long time.
JOHNNIE: Where's
the fuckin' money?
[ECHOING] Money.
All part of
the business.
CEASAR: All part
of the business.
You made a choice once.
What choice?
I want out.
[ECHOING] Out.
Like a part of me.
VIOLET: Hold the elevator.
Thanks.
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGING]
[SIGHING]
[METALLIC CLATTERING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
CORKY: Yeah, I looked
over everything, sir,
and I don't think
there should be
any problems.
Yes, sir.
I--I ordered the vanity,
and I looked at the tub.
I'm pretty sure
we could rout it out.
[CEASAR MOANING]
Yeah. Um.
Yeah, I'll start everything
first thing tomorrow.
Yeah.
Mmm.
Thanks again for
this opportunity,
Mr. Bianchinni.
[CEASAR MOANING]
[SIGHING] Yeah.
[CEASAR EXCLAIMING]
[THUDDING]
[MACHINE WHIRRING]
[CLATTERING]
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Hi.
My name's Violet.
We sort of met
on the elevator.
Sure, I'm Corky.Corky.
Well, I heard you
working in here,
and I was just wondering
if you'd like a cup of coffee.
Sure. Come on in.
Uh, just give me a second.
All right.
So, what happened to Rajeev?
He went back home to India,
or someplace,
but I think he'll be back.
So this is just
a temporary situation
for you?
Yeah. Pretty much.
You know,
one day at a time.
Hmm.
I guessed you
were straight black.
Good guess. Thanks.
My pleasure.
To be perfectly honest,
I did have a slightly
ulterior motive.
I was wondering
if I might ask you
a little favor.
Favor?
Yeah. You see,
I'm kind of a night person,
and I was wondering
if you might
wait a little bit
before you start
using the power tools.
Sorry.Oh, no, no.
It's not your fault.
It's just the walls here
are so terribly thin.
Really?
It's like you're
in the same room.
But if it's too much trouble,
I understand.
No. It's no trouble
at all.
I got a lot of stuff
I gotta do here.
You doin' all
the work yourself?
Hmm.
That is so amazing.
I am so in awe of people
who can fix things.
My dad was like that.
We never had anything new.
Whenever anything was broken,
he would just open it up,
tinker with it
a little bit, and fix it.
His hands were magic.
I'll bet your car
is 20 years old.
Truck.
Truck. Of course.
'63 Chevy.
I knew it.
Well, I guess
I should be going.
You can drop
the cup off at any time.
Thanks.
My pleasure.
♪[I NEVER LOVED A MAN
[THE WAY I LOVE YOU]PLAYING]
Well, well.
It's been a long time,
Cork.
Five years, two months,
16 days.
How you doin', Sue?Like shit.
Well,
now that we're all caught up,
can I buy you a drink?
Thanks.
Welcome home.
[BOTTLES CLINKING]
So, did you
get the job yet?
Yeah. Some plumbing,
painting and shit.
I mean a J-O-B,
a real job.
Nope. Not for me, Sue.
I'm just here to get laid.
♪ I ain't never, no, no
♪ Loved a man
♪ The way that I
♪ I love you
♪ Some time ago I thought
♪ You had run out of fools
♪ But I was so wrong
♪ You got one that
you'll never lose ♪
Hi.Hello.
♪ The way you treat me
is a shame ♪
Hey, Jesse,
what's happenin' here?
♪ How could you
hurt me so bad ♪
Wait. I know you.
♪ Baby, you know
I don't think so.
I didn't know
you were out.
When you get tired
of  Cagney and Lacey,
find me.
♪ Don't you never, never say
that we're through ♪
♪[STEREO PLAYING]
♪ Nice and slow
♪ Night and day
♪ When you stop to think,
it just gets in the way ♪
♪ And there's not
a single soul among us ♪
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
Yeah.
Hey, Mr. Bianchinni.
Yeah, everything's
going just fine.
Yeah. I got the tub drain
all cleaned out.
What apartment?
Oh, no.
Shit.
I didn't know
he would call you.
You must think
I'm a total nuisance.
Not exactly.
I'm sorry.
I would usually call Rajeev,
but I didn't know what to do
so I called Mr. Bianchinni.
He said
you lost something?
Yeah.
Come on in.
[DOOR CREAKING]
[DOOR CLOSING]
I was doing the dishes,
and just as I
pulled the stopper,
my earring fell in.
That's why I got upset.
It's one of my favorites.
You got a pot or a bucket?
[WATER DRIPPING]
Did you find it?
Oh, my God.
I can't believe that.
I can't thank you enough.
You have to let me
pay you something.
No.
No?
I told Bianchinni I'd do it.
I did it.
Well,
if you won't take money,
how about a drink?
You can't work all night.
All right.
One drink.
What would you like?
Beer.
Of course.
Sit down.
Thanks.
You seem uncomfortable.
Do I make you nervous,
Corky?
No.
Thirsty, maybe.
Curious, maybe.
That's funny.
I'm feeling a little
bit curious myself.
That's a great tattoo.
Beautiful Labras.
Are you surprised
I know what it is?
Maybe.
I have a tattoo.
Would you like to see it?
A woman in upstate New York
did it for me.
[WHISPERING]
Do you like it?
Took her all day to do it.
She promised
it wouldn't hurt,
but it was sore
for a long time after.
I couldn't even touch it,
but now I love
the way it feels.
Here.
Touch it.
[SIGHING]
What are you doing?
Isn't it obvious?
I'm trying to seduce you.
Why?
Because I want to.
I've wanted to
ever since I saw you
that day in the elevator.
[GASPING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
I know
you don't believe me,
but I can prove it
to you.
You can't believe
what you see,
but you can you believe
what you feel.
[VIOLET BREATHING HEAVILY]
I've been thinking
about you all day.
[VIOLET BREATHING HEAVILY]
[MOANING]
[VIOLET MOANING]
You planned
this whole thing.
You dropped that earring
down the sink on purpose,
didn't you?
If I say yes,
will you take
your hand away?
No.
Yes.
Please, Corky.
Please.
Kiss me.
[VIOLET MOANING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[MOANING]
[DOOR OPENING]
Fuck!
Violet!
Vi, you home?
Yeah. Yeah,
I'm right here, Cea.
What's this?
What the fuck is this?I didn't expect you
What the fuck is...
Oh.
Corky, this is Ceasar.
Ceasar, Corky.
I thought...
Fuckin' dark in here.
Corky's doing some work
for Mr. Bianchinni.
Oh, yeah, yeah,
yeah, right.
Don mentioned that
to me. Uh...
I'm sorry. Hi.
Welcome to the family.
So, uh, you're working
with Rajeev, right?
No. Rajeev's in India.
She's doin' the work
herself.
No shit.
Well, Bianchinni hired you.
You must be pretty good
with your hands.
You know,
he's a good friend of mine.Yeah, that's what Violet says.
Family, really.
So when did you
get out?
Jesus, Ceasar.What?
It ain't
no big fuckin' deal.
I know who Don hires.
You know,
he did time himself.
Thirteen fuckin' years.
What did you do?
Five.
Five. That's not bad.
What for?
That's none of
your goddamn business,
Ceasar.
You're right. She's right.
It's none of my
goddamn business.
You don't have to tell me
if you don't want to.
Look, it's just,
I want you to understand
one thing, all right?
You're amongst
good people here.
Come on. Come on.
If you understand
what I'm talkin' about,
you're gonna
take the money.
If you don't,
then I'm gonna have
to worry about you.
Good.
I hate to worry.
I got ulcers.
I should be going.
Why?
No, come on. Stick around.
Vi, get her a drink.
No, no, no. I got to go
clean out my brushes.
Another time.
Right. Another time.
[WATER RUNNING]
[MOANING]
Corky, Corky.
What are you doing?
I had to see you.
[CLEARING THROAT]
Look.
I don't think
this is a good idea.
I wanted to apologize.
Please, don't apologize.
If there's one thing
I can't stand,
it's women who apologize
for wanting sex.
[WHISPERING]
I'm not apologizing
for what I did.
I'm apologizing
for what I didn't do.
[CORKY BREATHING HEAVILY]
You have a bed somewhere?
[MOANING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GASPING]
[SIGHS]
I can see again.
I needed that.
So Ceasar's mafia, huh?
You have to ask?
No.
Funny.
Nobody really
calls it that anymore.
Ceasar just calls it
the business.
How did you meet him?
They took over a club
I was working at.
Ceasar started managing it.
He's a launderer?
Basically.
How long you been
with him?
About five years.
Five years is a long time.
Yes, it is.
The redistribution of wealth.
Excuse me?
That's what you
wanted to know,
isn't it?
What I did time for?
The redistribution
of wealth?
Yeah. That's what
I tell someone
when I'm trying to
get them in my bed.
But I'm already
in your bed.
My cellmate would say
she did her time
for getting caught.
She was always
a lot more honest
than me.
You didn't have to tell me
if you didn't want to.
I guess I wanted to.
I'm glad you did.
So am I.
♪[HALLELUJAH, I LOVE HER SO
PLAYING]
♪ Let me tell you
'bout a girl I know ♪
♪ She is my baby
and she lives next door ♪
♪ Every morning
before the sun come up ♪
♪ She brings my coffee
in my favorite cup ♪
♪ That's why I know
SHELLY: ...you think
I don't know that
he's gone?
Please, come on. Just...
I have to leave tonight.
Look, don't... Come on.
Don't make me beg, Violet.
Oh...
Two minutes. Da-dink.
[LOCK BUZZES]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
[DOOR OPENING]
SHELLY: Hey, Violet.
[CHUCKLES]
You look great.
[VIOLET MOANING]
VIOLET: [WHISPERING]
I had this image of you
inside of me,
like a part of me.
You are so beautiful.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Yes, there is.
You didn't wanna
see me, did you?
If there's one thing
I can't stand
about sleeping
with women,
it's all
the fucking mind reading.
I don't understand.
I know.
Violet, that's because
you can't understand.
We're different.
We're not that different,
Corky.
[SIGHS]
Let's see.
This is the part
where you tell me
what matters is
on the inside,
and that inside of you
there's a little dyke
just like me.
No, she's nothing like you.
She's a whole lot smarter
than you are.
Is that what her
daddy tells her?
I know what I am.
I don't have to have it
tattooed on my shoulder.
[SCOFFS]
So, what are you saying,
you don't have sex with men?
I don't.
Oh. Shit.
For Christ's sake, Violet.
I heard you.
Thin walls, remember?
What you heard
wasn't sex.
What the fuck was it?
Work.
You made certain choices
in your life
that you paid for.
You said you made them
because you were
good at something
and it was easy.
Do you think
you're the only person
that's good at something?
We make our own choices.
We pay our own prices.
I think we're more alike
than you care to admit.
What about that guy
this morning?
Who? Shelly?
Don't tell me,
you're a workaholic.
No. Shelly knows what I am.
He saw me in a bar
with another woman.
Yeah. I suppose
he just wants to watch.
Fuck it.
I think you'd better leave.
Yeah. I think I'd better.
Try not to steal
anything on the way out.
[GATE OPENING]
JOHNNIE: You wanna
fuck with me?
SHELLY: I didn't do it.
Come on. I swear to you.
Bullshit!
[THUMPING]
Where's the fuckin' money?
Please! Please! Don't...
Where is it?
[SHELLY SCREAMING]Oh, that hurt,
didn't it?
Please, stop. Please!
You think you're smart, huh?
Where's the fuckin' money?
Christ, please!
Please, Johnnie, don't.
Please stop it!
[SHELLY SCREAMING]
Don't make me beg!
Stop it!
Please!
Please stop
what you're doing!
No! No!Do you wanna fuck me?
I'm sorry! Don't!We're goin' home.
We're goin' home,
you piece of shit!
Nobody fucks me!I'm not fucking you!
I promise!
I swear I'm not!
Johnnie! Oh!
Please! Please!
He's making too much noise.
JOHNNIE: You hear that,
bitch? Shut up.
[GRUNTS]
Give me a towel.You hear that, shitface?
Shut up!
Here.
Put it in his mouth!
[MIXER WHIRRING]
Ceasar, I'm leaving.
What?
Why?
I didn't use
a good towel.
Ceasar, I'm serious.
I can't take this.
I have to get
out of here.
Why?
'Cause you know him?
Ah, you see...
Baby, that's what
I love about you.
You're so fuckin' sensitive.
But I like you here.
I want you to stay.
You know,
this is hard on me, too.
I like Shelly.
So why don't
you watch some TV
and put on a cassette
or something?
Are you okay, Violet?
Mick, why is Johnnie here?
You know how I feel
about that psycho fuck.
Ceasar, didn't I tell you
to get something?
Sure.
Sorry, Mickey.
You shouldn't
have to see this.
Why don't you
get out of here?
Go for a walk.
Ceasar wants me to stay.
Don't worry about Ceasar.
I'll handle Ceasar.
You just get
out of here, okay?
JOHNNIE:
I can go all night, bitch.
Okay.
Thank you, Mickey.
[SHELLY GRUNTING]
Here you go, Mick.
JOHNNIE: Go all fucking night,
baby!
All night!
[GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Hey, Johnnie,
ease up, okay?
Bitch!
Pick him up.
Shelly.
[GASPING]
I'm gonna ask you
10 times.
You understand?
Ten times.
Yeah. Yeah.
[SOBBING]
[MUFFLED SCREAMS]
One. Where's our money?
[SCREAMING]
[SHELLY SCREAMING]
[SIGHING]
You all right, Violet?
Come on.
Let's get out of here.
[PEOPLE LAUGHING]
Keep it.
Shelly was skimming
from the business.
He came to see me yesterday
because he was afraid
Ceasar found out.
He wanted to run,
but he wanted me
to come with him.
Even though
he knew about you?
Yeah.
What, this guy's in
love with you, right?
That's what
he tells himself,
but it's not
even about me.
You see, he could
have run at any time,
but he didn't want out.
Sounds like
he wanted to get caught.
Yeah, maybe he did.
He would brag to me
all the time.
He was never afraid of Ceasar
because he didn't know him,
not like I do.
I used to be able
to block it out.
I would just tell myself
that I wasn't really there,
and so none of it
really mattered.
But I can't do that anymore.
I'm making the same mistake
Shelly made,
but now
I know what I want.
I want out.
I want a new life.
I see
what I've been waiting for,
but I can't do it alone.
I need your help, Corky.
VIOLET:
Ceasar's gonna get the money.
He's gonna bring it...
How much money?Shelly said
it's over $2 million.
Yeah.
So Ceasar's gonna get it.
He's gonna bring it
by the apartment.
He's gonna count it.
He's gonna go
through the books
and try and figure out
how Shelly did it.
Wait a minute.
Violet, do you know
what you're saying?
You're asking me
to help you fuck
over the mob.
Violet,
these people are serious.
You wanna know how serious,
you ask your friend Shelly.
T-These people are
worse than any cop,
because they
have lots of money
and no rules.
You fuck them,
you'd better do it right.
That's why
I need your help.
You said you were good.
I am good.
All right,
let's just say
for a moment
I believe everything
you're saying.
You think I'm lying?
I didn't say that.
But since you did,
let's say you are.
It would have
been easy for you
to set up Shelly.
You could have
had him killed,
knowing that Ceasar
would bring the money
back to the apartment.
All you would need
to keep yourself clean
is someone unconnected,
someone like me.
Is that what you think?
I'm just makin' a point.
You have no idea
what you're asking,
how much trust
it takes two people to
do something like this.
For me,
stealing has always been
a lot like sex.
Two people
who want the same thing,
they get in a room,
they talk about it.
They start to plan.
It's kind of like flirting.
It's kind of
like foreplay.
Because the more
they talk about it,
the wetter they get.
The only difference is,
I can fuck someone
I've just met,
but to steal
I need to know someone
like I know myself.
You think you know me
like that?
I wanna see the money.
Oh, my God.
Don't worry. It ain't mine.
Ceasar, what happened?
It was unbelievable, Vi.
Un-fuckin'-believable.
Ah, shit.
Look at this shirt.
Look at it.
It's ruined.
It all started
when Shelly took us
to the money.
I'll tell you something.
Mickey, he knows his shit.
He does.
Shelly took us right there.
So Shelly's down
on his knees, right?
And he's pulling out
this stuff of money
from the safe on the floor.
And I'm there.
I'm standing there, and I'm--
I'm looking at it, right?
Like, holy fuck!
And all I can think about is
"How the fuck was
he able to do this?"
when bang!
Johnnie caps him.
He capped Shelly!
Blood goes flyin' everywhere,
all over me,
all over the money.
I have no idea if
this is even all of it.
And right then,
I go through the roof,
and bam!
I punch the dumb
son of a bitch.
I punch him, Vi,
right in his
dumb fuckin' face.
I didn't give a shit
whose son he was.
I just wanted
to hit him again,
smack some sense
into the dumb son of a bitch.
I mean, look at the shit
that I got
to fuckin' deal with now.
What are you
gonna do with it?
I told him to run it
through the cycles,
you know?
But no, Johnnie calls up
the old man,
and I guess
he's got other plans
because he wants
to pick up this shit
tomorrow night.
Where's
the laundry detergent?
It's in
the linen cabinet.
Come to my place in
the morning. Early.
VIOLET: You think
you know me like that?
[ECHOING]
Like that.
CORKY: $2 million.
You're having
second thoughts.
No.
You said Ceasar
washed the money?
Yeah.
Then what, exactly?
He hung it up.
He what?
To let it dry.
It was unreal.
Hundreds paper-clipped
everywhere like leaves.
Then, one by one,
he ironed all of it.
Did he sleep? No, but neither did I.
All night long,
I listened to that sound.
What sound?
The sound of money.
[WHIRRING]
Where is it now?
It's in his office.
I saw it this morning.
I need to go to the store.
It's in a case
on his desk.
Does the case lock?
Yes.
Hmm.
Tell me about Johnnie.Johnnie?
Yeah.
Sounds like he and Ceasar
don't like each other.
Like each other?
They hate each other.
Why?I don't know.
Happened long before
I came around.
I think it's basically,
Ceasar thinks
Johnnie's a complete idiot,
but, you know,
what can you do?
Johnnie runs Chicago
'cause Gino's his father.
Who's Gino?
Gino Marzzone.
Marzzone?
As in Angelo Marzzone,
head of the Marzzone family?
Yeah, that's his brother.
Shit.
Gino Marzzone's
comin' to your place tonight
to pick up the money?
Yeah.
And Johnnie Marzzone's
his son. That's Johnnie?
Yeah.
Sweet Jesus.
It's perfect.
Gino Marzzone's
comin' to your place
tonight.
This is a big deal.
Ceasar's gonna
wanna do it right.
He's not gonna wanna
look like an idiot.
Has Gino ever been
to your place before?
Yeah, twice before.What happened?
Well,
Ceasar was really nervous.
He kept cleaning
the apartment.
Um, the first time,
he picked out the dress
he wanted me to wear.
Did Johnnie
ever hit on you?
Oh, Johnnie hits on me
all the time.
He hits on anything
in high heels.
Did Ceasar
ever see this?
He does it right
in front of him.
[LAUGHING]
This is getting better
and better. Go on.
Well, Gino doesn't speak
much English,
or at least
he pretends not to,
so he usually gets
right to the point.
Both times,
they only talked
for about five minutes.
They had a drink,
and then they left.
What did Gino drink?
Scotch. Glenlivet.
I remember that
'cause Ceasar made
a big deal about it.
[SIGHING]
All right.
I have an idea
how to make this work.
CORKY: Go back and get ready.
Take your time. Make it real.
What time did you say
they'd be there?
VIOLET:
The plane gets in at 7:00,
so I'd say around 8:00.
[YAWNING]
All right.
Now, at some point,
Ceasar's gonna quit.
I guess some time
around 6:00,
making sure he's got
time to get ready.
As soon as he's done,
you'll be right there
to put a big drink
in his hand.
CEASAR: Unbelievable
what this guy Shelly did.
I'll tell you, Shelly's one
smart-ass motherfucker.
I mean, he was one
Poor boy.
Has to work so hard.
[VIOLET MOANS]
CORKY: We want him
to relax, unwind.
You look good enough to eat.
VIOLET: Where will you be?
I'll be waiting
in the apartment
next door.
Waiting for what?
For the shower.
That's gonna be our signal.
When he's done
with his shower,
you'll go to the bar.
You'll get out the Scotch
that Gino drinks.
As you do,
the bottle will
slip from your hands,
an accident.
CEASAR: Vi,
what the hell was that?
Vi, you can't hear me?
Ah. Fuck!
Ceasar, it slipped.
I was trying
to get ready.
How the fuck
did you do that?
Ceasar,
it was an accident.
I didn't mean to.
Don't worry.
I'll get some more.Fuck. Jesus.
There's no fuckin' time!
Don't be silly.
There's lots of time.
Fuck!Look, I'll clean this up,
and I'll be back before
you're even dressed.
Ah, fuck, Vi!
CORKY: When you
open the door,
I'll be there.
VIOLET:
What if he sees you?
He won't.
You can't know
for certain that
he won't see you.
Trust me.
I'm just asking,
what if?
If he does,
then I won't have
a choice, will I?
When I'm inside,
I'll get the money.
[LOCK CLICKING]
I'm gonna need somethin'
to fill the case.
Hide it near the desk.
And at that point,
there's no turning back.
When I get the Scotch,
how do I know you
won't just take off?
The same way I'll know
that you went to
go get the Scotch.
Trust.
I still don't see
how I'm gonna
get away clean
with all the money
in the apartment.
Everyone's gonna
think I took it.
Not Ceasar.Why?
Because of what
you're gonna tell him.
You gotta be
as real as you can.
The moment you walk through
that door with
the Scotch in your hand,
you'll be covered.
And that moment's
the most important
moment of the plan,
because if you're real enough,
he's gonna believe you
'cause deep down,
he'll want to.
Cea! Shit. I'm sorry.
They were early.
What are you
talking about?
They just left,
didn't they?
What, are you drunk?
You mean they
weren't just up here?
No. They're still
on their way.
That doesn't make any sense.
Why?Well, I just saw
Johnnie downstairs.
What?
Yeah.
I was getting out of my car,
and I saw him in his BMW.
No. It couldn't have been.
It was him, Ceasar.
I'm positive.
Vi, that's impossible.
Ceasar, I know Johnnie.
It was him.
I screamed
when I saw him.
I couldn't believe
I missed them.
I knew you were
gonna be upset,
so I thought I'd stop
and apologize and
give Gino the Scotch,
but I honked
a couple of times
and Johnnie
didn't even hear me.
He didn't stop.
But...
Gino's plane doesn't get here
for another half-hour.
Actually, I didn't see Gino
in the car.
[LOCK CLICKING]
CORKY: If Ceasar hates Johnnie
as much as you say,
the second
he opens up that case,
he's gonna know in his gut
that Johnnie just fucked him.
He'll have no choice,
and he can't go
after Gino or Johnnie.
There's only one way out.
He'll have to run.
And if he runs,
everyone will assume
he took the money.
You'll be clean,
and we'll be rich.
VIOLET: Jesus,
that's beautiful.
If you're this goddamn smart,
how did you ever get caught?
I had a partner once.
She fucked me.
I won't.
I think
we're gonna find out.
[SIGHING]
Oh, God!
Ceasar?
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Cea?
Oh, no.
No.
Oh, God!
[GROANS]
Vi...
Vi, I've been set up.
Johnnie?
That fuck. That rat fuck!
That motherless rat fuck!
Why?
Why would Johnnie do this?
[SIGHING]
Jesus Christ, Violet,
open your fucking eyes.
Johnnie hates me
as much as I hate him.
I hate that
motherless rat fuck.
I hate him.
I fuckin' hate him.
But you know he did it.
Yes. So what?
Violet, so fucking what?
Look,
the money is gone, right?
Gino is coming to get it.
Now, do you think Gino
is going to believe me
when I tell him his
little rat-fuck son stole it?
Is that what you think?
'Cause I don't.
You know what I think?
I think I'm a dead man.
I'm one in
the back of the head.
That's what I think.
Ceasar,
what are we gonna do?
Well, I know what Johnnie
wants me to do.
Johnnie wants me to run.
He wants me out of here.
But if I run,
then everybody thinks
I fucking did it,
and he gets away
with $2 million clean.
I can see him right now,
on the way to get Gino,
laughin' at me.
Laughin' at me.
Laughin' at me!
Fuckin' laughin' at me!
Cea, Cea...Don't!
Don't, Violet, please.
Don't touch me, okay?
I gotta think.
I gotta fucking
think this through!
Ceasar...No, no, Vi...
I think we should run.No. No.
We should go.
We have to go now
before it's too late.
Violet. No, please.
Violet, leave me alone!
Please! All right?
Just leave me
the fuck alone!
All right, Ceasar.
[STAMMERING] I just...
I gotta think. That's all.
I--I just gotta think.
[PHONE RINGING]
VIOLET: [WHISPERING]
It's me.What happened?
He totally freaked out.
I've never seen him
like this.
He's out of his fucking mind.
That's all right,
as long as he believes
it was Johnnie.
Believes it?
Jesus.
It's driving him crazy.
He wants to kill him.
I don't know, Corky.
I don't know.
I'm getting nervous.
I'm getting really nervous.
I don't know
what he's gonna do.
It's all right, Violet.
It's working.
All we gotta do
is wait him out
and see what he does.
What if he doesn't run?
That means he'll
probably kill Johnnie.
[GASPING] Oh, Christ.
I have to get out of here.
Listen. If he doesn't run,
all you got to do
is break down.
Go into the bedroom
and pack some things.
Start crying.
Tell him you love him,
but you can't take it.
You're sorry,
but you gotta leave,
and just walk out.
All right. Okay.
We're almost there,
Violet.
[DOORKNOB CLICKING] Just hang on.
He's coming.
I got it. I know
what I have to do.
I have to get the money back.
The money?
The money's gone.
No, no, no.
Johnnie's got it.
I gotta get it back.
But it could be anywhere.
There's not
enough time, Violet.
Johnnie's got to pick up Gino
at the airport, right?
That means he's probably
got the money with him.
He's probably got it
in the car.
He didn't see you, did he?
No.
Good.
That's good.
So that means
I got the edge.
He doesn't know I know.
That's why he put
the paper in the case.
He wants me
to hand it to Gino.
Then there's no doubt
I did it.
Gino will put a bullet
in me himself,
but that's not gonna happen.
That jag-off's
not gonna set me up.
No way, no how,
not like this.
This is insane.
What are you doing?
I'm leaving.
I don't want
any part of this shit.
to be involved.
You can't leave.
The hell I can't.
I need you.
You don't need me.
You've never needed me.
I can't help you.
Understand?
I can't let you leave,
Violet.
Now, if you're not with me,
then I have to assume
you're against me.
Ceasar, this is crazy.
Maybe it is.
Maybe it isn't.
Maybe you dropped
that bottle of Scotch
by accident.
Maybe you didn't.
It would have been
so easy
to let him in
as you left.
[EXHALES]
You can't believe that.
I've seen the way
he looks at you.
He's always wanted you.
Maybe $2 million
finally bought you.
I'm sorry, Violet.
I wanna trust you.
I hope you understand.
I don't have
any other choice.
You sure you
don't want a drink?
[STRING TWANGING]
[INTERCOM BUZZING]
Hello? JOHNNIE: Yeah, we're here.
Hey, Johnnie.
Open the fucking door.
Sure. Come on up.
Gino.
Good to see you.
Vi, look who's here.
Hello, Gino.
How are you?
[SPEAKS ITALIAN]
You shouldn't have hit me.
You want to get
into this now?
No, no, no, Ceasar,
not now.
[EXCLAIMS]
You are as radiant
as ever, Violet.
Gino, Glenlivet, right?
[SPEAKS ITALIAN]
And, uh, I'll have
whatever Violet's drinking.
I'm not drinking.Oh.
Well, then neither will I.
No, I'll have
a Tanqueray and tonic.
Mmm.
Ceasar, two T and Ts.
[ICE CUBES CLINKING]
Salute,huh?
Roy, Pop.
Violet, Ceasar.
No, no, son.
No, no, Johnnie, no.
I gotta make a bet.No goddamn phone.
Not now.
Cesare, come and sit.
We're gonna talk now.
Johnnie, you, too.
No, no.
Cesare, look at me.
Johnnie, he, uh,
said to me what happened.
Cesare, you gotta
do me a favor.
A personal favor
for me, huh?
You gotta start
respecting Johnnie
the way you respect me.
[SPEAKS ITALIAN]
Good. Good.
And you, Johnnie,
you gotta stop
acting stupid.
You gotta earn this respect
that Cesare's gonna give.
[SPEAKS ITALIAN]
Good. Done.
Now,
where's my money?
We know how
this was done, eh?
Yeah. I know.
And it won't
happen again, eh?
CEASAR: No.
Good. Done.
We go now.
W-Wait a minute, Pop.
Jesus Christ.
Come on. You got, uh,
two hours
till your plane leaves.
[GINO SPEAKING ITALIAN]
Well, so just relax.
Have a drink.
[GINO SPEAKING ITALIAN]
So, Ceasar,
tell me something.
What did it total out at?
$2.176.
[WHISTLING]
Unbelievable.
[GINO SPEAKS ITALIAN]
Can you believe that, Violet?
Johnnie,  stai zitto.
Come on. I just want
to know one thing,
just one thing after he made
such a big deal about it.
I bet it wasn't
such a big deal,
huh, Ceasar?
What's that, Johnnie?
JOHNNIE: The money.
I bet it wasn't nothing
to make it clean
after you made
such a big fucking deal
about it.
Johnnie,
what did I tell you?
It's important to me, Pop.
It's a simple question.
If he'd just answer
the simple question,
that's the end of it.
Where's this going, Johnnie?
Just admit it.
Admit what?
That you overreacted.
You lost it.
Not me.
It was your mistake.
You wanna play it this way?
I can play it this way.
You wanna know
who made a mistake?
Open the case.Ceasar...
Shut up, Violet.
This is between
me and Johnnie.
You wanna do this now?
CEASAR: Let's do it.
Open the fuckin' case.
Open the case.
[LOCKS CLICKING]
Where's the fucking key?
You don't need a key.
Then how the fuck
can I open it?
The same way you did before.
What are you talkin' about?
[SIGHS]
All right, Johnnie.
Violet,
get me another drink.
What is this?
Don't.
Don't you fucking move.
[SPEAKS ITALIAN]
Where is it, fuckface?
Where's what?
The money!
[STUTTERING] Okay,
Ceasar, I don't know
what you're thinking here,
but if you don't
put down that gun...
Sit down.
Ceasar, what is it?
Gino, your son
stole this money
to set me up.
He fucking stole it,
and I can prove it.
Violet, tell them.
Tell them!
For God's sake, Johnnie,
do what he says.
For Christ's sake...
This isn't happening.
[SCREAMS]
Next one blows off
your fucking dick.
I'm looking at a dead man.
You're a fucking dead man.
Enough!  Basta!
Gino, don't.
You point the gun at me?
You know who I am.
I am Gino Marzzone,  capisce?
[SPEAKS ITALIAN]
No, Gino, please.
Gino, sit down.
We're...
We're family, Cesare.
Family, Ceasar.
Family.
Now,
give it to me.
Good man.
[GUN FIRES]
[GASPING]
[GUN FIRING]
[GASPS]
[SCREAMS]
[GROANS]
Don't shoot.
[GUN CLICKING]
[PANTING]
I had to do it, Violet.
You saw it.
I had no choice.
It was Johnnie.
Lying rat fuck.
He made me do it.
Hey. Hey.
You stupid fuck!
You think
you could set me up? Huh?
You...
I'm a dead man, Johnnie?
I'm a fucking dead man?
Guess again, Johnnie.
Who's the dead man? Who?
Who's dead, fuckface?
Who? Who?
I can't hear you, Johnnie.
Guess again.
Take another guess, Johnnie.
Take another fucking guess.
What are you doing?
Maybe three hours.
Ceasar,
what are you going to do?
What do you think
we're gonna do?
We're gonna get
the money back.
What?
Violet,
if we get the money back,
then none of this
ever happened.
Ceasar, you just
killed Gino Marzzone.
No, I didn't.
Not if the bodies disappear.
Not if the money's here.
Then they never showed up.
What happened to them?
I don't know.
Maybe we'll never know.
My guess, it was a job.
Maybe the Carpellas.
All part of
the business.
Look, once we find the money,
then everything's
gonna be all right.
[POLICE SIREN WAILING]
[MUMBLING]
Fuck!Oh, no.
Fuck.
Ceasar,
what are we gonna do?
They're just cops.
Stall them
as long as you can.
[CEASAR GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
Gino, man...
[CEASAR GRUNTING]
Come on.
Come on!
[SIGHS]
[INTERCOM BUZZING]
Answer it.
[BUZZING]
Hello?
POLICEMAN: This is
the police, ma'am.
The police?
We had a report
of gunfire.
So if you could
buzz us in, please.
Gunfire?
Is this a joke?
No joke, ma'am.
Please open the door.
Um...
How do I know that
you're really the police?
Ma'am,
you have to open the door.
All right.
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
[GRUNTING]
[MAN SCREAMING]
[MAN SHOUTING]
[MAN YELLS]
[GUN FIRING ON TV]
[SIGHING]
[TV CHATTERING]
[KNOCK ON DOOR]POLICEMAN: What's going on
in here?
Now, if you're thinkin'
about doing
something stupid,
remember,
I just killed
Gino Marzzone.
You understand
what that means?
They're just cops.
See? We're for real.
I'm sorry.
It's just that
sometimes you hear stories.
You did the right thing.
Come on in.
Hey, hey,
Chicago's finest.
How's it going tonight,
fellas?
Very good, sir.
Look, I'm sorry.
Got a bum ear.
Can't hear shit with it.
My name is Ceasar,
and this here's my Violet.
So, Violet tells me
there's some problems
about gunshots?
Uh, yes, sir.
A neighbor in
the building called in.
I think we know
what happened.
Probably just
the television.
Oh, the television.
Honey, why don't
you turn it off?
This happened before.
This ear, I was born with it,
and today
the batteries went dead
on my hearing aid.
I'm sorry.
It's all right, sir.No big deal.
Listen. I hate
to trouble you guys.
Can I get you a beer
or somethin'?
Uh, no, not on duty.
Sorry.
But, uh, you mind
if I use your bathroom?
No. Sure.
It's, uh, right over here.
Thanks.
Listen, you mind
if I make myself a drink?
Yeah, right there.
Yeah, sure.
Go right ahead, sir.
[CLEARS THROAT]
[URINATING]
[POLICEMAN GRUNTS]
This is a beautiful place.
Thank you.
[BLOOD SQUISHING]
Is this a condo?
[GUN CLICKING]
[TOILET FLUSHING]
Okay, let's roll.
Oh, uh, try to keep
extra batteries around
for the aid, okay?
Good idea.
[DOOR CLOSES]
CEASAR: Come on, let's go.
Shit.
Where is it?
Think.
It's gotta be at his place.
Get in the car.What?
Ceasar, I don't think...Get in the fucking car.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[CAR TIRES SCREECHING]
$2 million, Corky.
CEASAR: $2 million.
It's gotta be here.
It's gotta be.
I just...I gotta,
gotta think.
Think like Johnnie.
Okay,
I'm Johnnie.
I come in.
Where did I put it?
It's a lot of fucking money,
and I gotta hide it.
I gotta hide it.
I don't have much time.
I gotta get to the airport,
pick up my fucking daddy!
[GLASS SHATTERING]
"I can't wait to
see Ceasar's face
when he finds out."
Where did he put it?
Cea...
Think. Think.
Where is it,
you motherfucker?
Where? Where?
[SOBBING]
Cea?
Cea.
It's not here, Ceasar.
Where is it?
I don't know.
It could be anywhere.
We don't even know
if he was alone, Ceasar.
Come on. We have
to get out of here.
We don't have much time.
[PANTING]
What are you doing?
[PHONE BEEPING]
Gotta buy more time.
More time.
Who are you gonna call?
[PHONE RINGING]
MICKEY: Yeah.Hey, Mickey?
Oh, God.
Ceasar,
what the fuck time is it?
Oh, Mickey, I wake you up?
[STAMMERING]
Listen, I'm sorry.
I know it's late, but...
Look, I don't know
if this is a big deal,
but they ain't showed up yet.
What? They ain't there?
[STAMMERING] No. No,
I called the airport.
The plane landed on time.
I even called over
at Johnnie's house, but, uh,
there's no answer there.
Okay. Let me call around.
I'll see what I can do.
Don't go anywhere, okay?
Yeah. Okay, sure.
Ceasar,
you still have the money?
Oh, yeah, Mick.
I still got the money.
Staring right at it.
Good. Sit tight.
I'll call you.
Bye.
So I'll start packing.
You know what you have to do.
I'll use Johnnie's car
to dump the bodies
in the lake.
I need plastic bags
and rope and tape.
Just hurry.
[PHONE RINGING]
Please, Corky, please.
[SIGHS]
Thank God.
CORKY: I'm still here.
I was so afraid
you were going to leave me.
You don't quit on me, Violet,
I won't quit on you.
Corky, it worked.
He's going to run.
He needs
to take care of the bodies
to buy himself a little time,
but as soon as he leaves,
it's over.
Just a little while longer.
Corky,
I wanna tell you something.
I know, Violet.
I know.
It's why
I'm still here.
Who was that?
Vi, who the fuck was that?
Did you call Mickey?
Did you?
[CHOKING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[PHONE RINGING]
Mickey? That you?
Fuck.
[BEEPING]
[PHONE RINGING]
Who is that?
Who's over there?
Tell me!
Tell me!No! God!
No! Please don't!
Please stop it!
[VIOLET SCREAMING]
No! No! No, Ceasar!
[GRUNTING]
[DOORKNOB CLICKING]
[VIOLET SCREAMING]
Drop the fucking gun
or die.
Drop it!
[GUN THUDS]
Turn around.
You?
Holy fucking Christ.
You gotta be
fucking kidding me.
CEASAR: You gotta be
Hey. Come on.
Wake up. Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up, you fucking dyke.
Good.
I know everything now.
So I don't wanna hear
any "I don't know" bullshit.
You understand?
God,
I should have
seen this coming
the minute I met you.
Everybody knows
your kind can't be trusted.
Fucking queers.
You make me sick.
But you made
a fatal mistake.
You tried to fuck
the wrong guy,
and I swear to you,
I'm gonna kill you for it.
Where's my money?Don't tell him.
Shut up, Violet.
He can't kill you.
Violet!Not until
he has the money.
[GUN FIRES]
Now,
where is it?
Lick me.
Where is my money?
Either pull the trigger
or get that fucking thing
out of my face.
Fucking cunt.
Ceasar, stop acting
like an asshole and think.
Violet, don't try
to tell me what to do.
You need the money
just like we do.
Shut up!Why don't you let us go?
We'll make a deal.
Shut the fuck up!
What? What? What?
What did you do to her, huh?
What did you
fucking do to her?
That's not my Violet.
What did she do to you?
Everything you couldn't.
You ungrateful
fucking bitch!
Vi, you were nothing
before you met me!
Don't you remember
you had nothing?
Who gave you this place, huh?
Who gave it to you?
I did, Vi. I did.
You were nothing.
You had nothing.
What a load of crap.
Take a look at yourself,
Ceasar.
You're nothing
but a common thug.
You launder money
for the mob.
You rent women
like you rented
this apartment.
You used me, Ceasar.
You used me, that's all,
just like I used you.
All part of the business.
You betrayed me.
You murdered Gino!
[STAMMERING]
Yeah, sure. You made me.
I had to do that.
Bullshit. You did it. You.
You did it
because you couldn't
stand the thought
of Johnnie fucking you.Shut up.
You shut up.
All right, Violet.
All right.
You want the business,
Violet?
All of the business?
I'll fucking give it
to you.
I'll give you all of it.
I'm gonna make you
fucking suffer,
just like Shelly, Violet,
just like fucking Shelly.
[GAGGING]
I'm sorry, Corky.
Don't be sorry.
Help me.
Oh, no, no, no!
Hey, Vi,
do you remember these?
All right.
I'm gonna start with Violet,
[MUFFLED SCREAMS]
so you get an idea
of what's comin'.
I'm gonna ask you
10 questions.
Every time
I don't get an answer,
[MUFFLED SOBBING]
I cut off a finger.
[VIOLET SCREAMING]
Where's the money?
[INTERCOM BUZZING]
It's Mickey.
I said, where's the money?
[VIOLET SCREAMING]
All right. I'll tell you.
It's in the apartment
next door.
I put it
in the paint drums.
Good.
Now, I promised you
I would kill you.
Remember?
You can't kill me.
Oh, really?
Why not?
I could be lying.
You're gonna be sorry
you said that.
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
Motherfuck!
Son of a bitch.
Keys. Keys. Keys. Keys.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
I can kill you right now
if that's what you want,
or you can live,
but I need your help.
You gotta help me
make Mickey believe
that everything is normal.
Now, what do you wanna do?
You wanna live?
[DOORKNOB CLICKING]
[EXCLAIMS]
Oh, shit!
Christ, Mickey.
You scared
the shit out of me.
[CEASAR SIGHING]
What are you guys doing
with your peckers
in your hand?
You gonna do me, Mickey?
Is that it?
No, Cease.
There was no answer.
I thought I heard
some knockin' at the door.
I was buzzing.
I was knocking,
but I guess
you couldn't hear me
on account of
being in the shower.
Yeah, well, you know, Mick,
I'm all wound up.
I'm driving myself crazy
over this Gino thing,
and, well,
Vi, you know,
she thought maybe, uh,
she could, uh, you know,
relax me in the...
That Violet is one nice lady.
I wish someone
would help me relax.
Ah.
Let me, uh, get you
guys a drink, huh?
CEASAR: I got Scotch,
bourbon, vodka.
Whatever you want.
We was worried
about you, Cease.
Me? Why?
Yeah. We went over
to Johnnie's place
just to check it out.
It was busted up, bad.
What?
I started thinking,
maybe it's about the money.
So I call you,
but all I get
is the busy signal.
I figure
the phone is off the hook.
That's why I come
rushing over here.
Fuck. The phone. Shit.
That was me.
I did that.
Fuck!
That was a stupid thing
to do, huh?
Hey, if Violet was
helping me relax,
I'd probably do
the same thing.
[CHUCKLES]
[WATER RUNNING]
[WATER STOPS RUNNING]
Hey, Cease,
can I ask you something?
Sure.
Why did you move
all the furniture around?
Let me guess.
That was Violet's idea, too.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Yeah, uh, actually,
she was, uh, nervous
about Gino coming.
You know, wanted everything
to look perfect, and, uh,
you know women, Mick.
Sure, Cease.
They make us do
stupid things, don't they?
Is that the money?Yeah, yeah, that's it.
What did it total out at?
$2.176.
That fucking Shelly.
Gotta hand it to the guy,
but, Jesus, if I were him,
I would have bailed
a long time ago.
I mean,
how much money
does a man need?
I remember,
I was just staring
at all this goddamn money.
Shelly down on his knees,
and the next thing I know,
Johnnie just
blows his head off.
What a fuckin' mess.
Johnnie's
laughin' his ass off,
and that's when
Ceasar lost it,
and boom.
He cold-cocked him.
He cold-cocks fucking
Johnnie Marzzone.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Hey, Ceasar.
Where's the key?
Um...
The key.
Oh. They're--They're
in my pants
[STAMMERING]
in the bathroom.
Fuck it.
I don't need the key.
I didn't need a key
to get in here, did I?
[GULPING]
[HEART BEATING]
[HEART POUNDING]
[PHONE RINGING]
Who the hell
could that be?
Are you gonna answer it?
Yeah.
Hello? VIOLET: Hello, Ceasar.
This is Gino.
What?
You're blowing
your only chance, asshole.
Act like I'm Gino.
Holy Christ,
we've been worried sick
about you, Gino!
Good boy.It's Gino.
Where the hell is he?
We were in a car accident.
CEASAR: They were
in a car accident.
But everybody's all right.
Everybody's all right,
just bruises and shit.
Un-fucking-believable.
I called those
highway patrol dumb fucks.
Mick, please.
I'm trying to hear Gino.
Now, you listen to me,
asshole.
I know your gun
is behind the bar.
Either we make
a deal right now,
or I come out and
I hand this phone to Mickey.
I'm listenin'.
All right.
I want what's mine.
I want half the money.
We get rid of Mickey,
and no one else dies.
No one.
Say, "Yes, I understand."
Yes, I understand.
Tell them
I'm at St. Mary's,
off the Kennedy,
in the waiting room.
Stay on the phone
until I come out.
Okay. Right.
St. Mary's,
off the Kennedy. Yeah.
Johnnie's okay?
Mickey,
what are you doing here?
Violet,
it's Gino and Johnnie.
They were in a car accident.
Oh, my God.
Is everybody all right?
I think everything is okay.All right.
All right. Bye.
They're at St. Mary's.
Can you fucking believe this?
I can't fit them
all in my car,
so give me your keys.
Sure. Sure. Vi.You drive my car, Lou.
CEASAR: Vi. Vi!
Do me a favor.
Go in my pants
in the bathroom
and get my keys, okay?
Come on, let's go.
Vi, let's go!
Thanks, V.
Call me as soon as
you get there, eh?
Leave your phone
on the hook.
Now that's teamwork.
I should have
let him kill you.
He would have
done you, too.
I knew I couldn't trust you.
Relax.
I said
I would let you live,
and I will,
maybe.
Let's go see if your dyke
was dumb enough to lie.
Let's go.
Yes.
No!
Violet!
[GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
Please!
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
[GRUNTING]
Bitch.
You fucking bitch!
[PANTING]
Mickey? MICKEY: Violet?
Oh, God, Mickey.
He made me do it.
I was so afraid!
I didn't want to, Mickey.
It was Ceasar, all Ceasar.
He made me help him.
You have to help me.
Oh, God!
Oh, God, he's coming!
Corky.
CEASAR: Fuck!
[GRUNTING]
Stop.
Oh, for Christ's sakes!
[CEASAR SIGHING]
It's over, Ceasar.
I called Mickey.
He's on his way.
Get out of here, Ceasar.
If you want to live,
you better start running.
All these years, Vi,
and you still don't know me,
but I know you.
Ceasar, don't.
What are you gonna
do with that, Vi?
Shoot me?
Kill me in cold blood?
I don't think so.
If you were
gonna shoot me, Vi,
you'd have done it
a long time ago.
If I were you,
I'd have shot me
the minute
I brought the money
back to the apartment.
But you didn't,
and I'll tell you why.
You don't want
to shoot me, Vi.
Do you?
I know you don't.
Ceasar, you don't know shit.
[GUN FIRING]
VIOLET: I'll never
understand it, Mickey.
You didn't even
call the police.
I told you.
The family doesn't want
the police around.
We want to take care of it
ourselves, and we will.
I'll find him.
I swear I will.
I know you will.
Sure you gonna be okay?
I mean,
if you're having
second thoughts,
my offer still stands.
Thanks, Mickey,
but I have to get out.
You know,
I have to get away
from all this,
but thanks.
Thanks for everything.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Hey.
So how did it go?
I'm here, aren't I?
Mmm-hmm.
[LOCK BEEPS]
Oh, I thought we might
need a getaway car.
Hmm.
[ENGINE STARTS]
You know
what the difference is
between you and me, Violet?
No.
Me, neither.
♪[SHE'S A LADYPLAYING]
♪ Well, she's all
you'd ever want ♪
♪ She's the kind
I like to flaunt
and take to dinner ♪
♪ But she always
knows her place ♪
♪ She's got style,
she's got grace ♪
♪ She's a winner
♪ She's a lady
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa,
she's a lady ♪
♪ Talkin' about
that little lady ♪
♪ And the lady is mine
♪ Well,
she's never in the way ♪
♪ Always something nice
to say ♪
♪ Oh, what a blessin'
♪ I can leave her on her own
♪ Knowin' she's okay alone,
and there's no messin' ♪
♪ She's a lady
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa,
she's a lady ♪
♪ Talkin' about
that little lady ♪
♪ And the lady is mine
♪ Well, she never asks
very much ♪
♪ And I don't refuse her
♪ Always treat her
with respect ♪
♪ I never would abuse her
♪ What she's got
is hard to find ♪
♪ And I don't want
to lose her ♪
♪ Help me build a mountain
♪ From a little
pile of clay ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey
♪ Well, she knows
what I'm about ♪
♪ She can take
what I dish out ♪
♪ And that's not easy
♪ But she knows me
through and through ♪
♪ And she knows
just what to do ♪
♪ And how to please me
♪ She's a lady
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa,
she's a lady ♪
♪ Talkin' about
that little lady ♪
♪ And the lady is mine
♪ She's a lady
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa,
she's a lady ♪
♪ Listen to me, people,
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
♪ She's a lady
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa,
she's a lady ♪
♪ Talkin' about
that little lady ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
♪ She's a lady
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa,
she's a lady ♪
♪ I can't live without
that little lady ♪